Don't deploy kyma-system (#688)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/contributor/01-00-installation.md

  </details>
</div>

> 6. Deploy API Gateway Operator and `kyma-system` Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Deploy API Gateway Operator in the `kyma-system` Namespace.
```

Author: Wait, that should have been "and" and "in"

> 6. Deploy API Gateway Operator in the `kyma-system` Namespace.

Author: @nataliasitko Is that better?
```suggestion
6. Deploy `kyma-system` Namespace and API Gateway Operator in the Namespace.
```
